[MIG] account_invoice_pricelist_sale: Migration to 15.0 (#1092)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_pricelist_sale/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module extend the 'Account Invoice Pricelist' and 'Sale' modules

> and Copies pricelist from sales order to invoice.s

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and Copies pricelist from sales order to invoices
```
